										Yahtzee Tutorial

What you need!!!

Two or more players; five dice, score pad
Unless playing solo game

Objective:

The object of the game is to score the most points by rolling different dice combinations with five dice.

Game Play:

A turn consists of up to three dice rolls. After the first roll, the player will decide which dice to keep, if any, and will roll the dice not kept. 
After the second roll, the player will again determine the dice to keep and the dice to roll again. After the third roll, the player must choose a box to score on the scorecard.

Scoring:

There are 13 options to score, meaning each player will get 13 turns. The goal for the top six options is to roll as many specific numbers as possible. 

For example, when going for 6s, a player will keep any 6 rolled through three rolls of the dice. 

A player scores the total value of the specific numbers rolled for the top options. For example, rolling three 6s gets 18 points. 

The goal for the bottom seven options is to roll a specific combination of dice. 

The 3 of a kind is scored by adding up all five dice when at least three are the same number. 

The 4 of a kind is scored by adding up all five dice when at least four are the same number. 

A full house is the combination of a pair and a 3 of a kind, and 25 points are scored. 

A small straight is the combination of four numbers in a row and scores 30 points. 

A large straight is the combination of five numbers in a row and scores 40 points. 

A Yahtzee is all five dice with the same number and scores 50 points. 

The chance is the total of all five dice, no matter the combination.

How to win:

The player with the highest total point value at the end of the game wins.

Rules:

During a turn, a player can roll up to three times but can stop after the first or second roll if a desired combination has been rolled.

If a player’s top six boxes add up to 63 or more points, a bonus of 35 points are scored.

If a player does not get a desired combination after three rolls, he/she may need to x-out a box and will get no points for that combination.

A Yahtzee bonus is awarded if a player gets a second Yahtzee in the same game. The Bonus Yahtzee box is c